# material_util
Material Utility for CoD2, to read or write material files

Example output:
```
def colorMap->image: caulk
semantic 2
sampler_state 0
unused_0 0
unused_1 0
technique set = tools
mtlAlphaTest: Always
mtlBlendOp: Disable
mtlSrcBlend: One
mtlDestBlend: Zero
mtlBlendOpAlpha: Disable
mtlSrcBlendAlpha: One
mtlDestBlendAlpha: Zero
mtlCullFace: Back
mtlColorWriteRgb: Enable
mtlColorWriteAlpha: Disable
mtlFog: Enable
mtlDepthTest: LessEqual
mtlDepthWrite: Enable
mtlPolygonOffset: 0
mtlStencil: Disable
mtlStencilFuncFront: Never
mtlStencilOpFrontPass: Keep
mtlStencilOpFrontFail: Keep
mtlStencilOpFrontZFail: Keep
mtlStencilFuncBack: Never
mtlStencilOpBackPass: Keep
mtlStencilOpBackFail: Keep
mtlStencilOpBackZFail: Keep
material: 'caulk'
reference_image_name: 'caulk'
name = 86
reference_image_name = 92
hash_index = 0
game_flags = 4
sort_key = 3
texture_atlas_row_count = 1
texture_atlas_column_count = 1
max_deform_move = 0
deform_flags = 0
usage = 2
tool_flags = 16
locale = 4
auto_tex_scale_width = 256
auto_tex_scale_height = 256
tess_size = 0
surface_flags = 262304
contents = 1
state_bits[0] = 672303122
state_bits[1] = 5
texture_count = 1
constant_count = 0
technique_set = 80
textures = 68
constants = 80
colorMap: caulk
```
